doc: nrf: Inform about dfu_application.zip update (#15958)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * All board targets for Zephyr's :ref:`Hardware Model v2 <zephyr:hw_model_v2>`, with additional information added on the :ref:`app_boards_names` page.
  * The use of :ref:`cmake_options` to specify the image when building with :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild`.
    If not specified, the option will be added to all images.

>   * Format version of :file:`dfu_application.zip` files generated by the NCS build system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Format version of the :file:`dfu_application.zip` files generated by the |NCS| build system.
```

>     Introducing Zephyr's :ref:`Hardware Model v2 <zephyr:hw_model_v2>` and building with :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild` for NCS 2.7 release modified content of the generated zip file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Introducing Zephyr's :ref:`Hardware Model v2 <zephyr:hw_model_v2>` and building with :ref:`configuration_system_overview_sysbuild` for the |NCS| v2.7.0 release modified the content of the generated zip file.
```

    For example, binary file names and board field were updated.

>     To indicate change of the zip format, ``format-version`` property in :file:`manifest.json` file included in the mentioned zip archive was updated from ``0`` to ``1``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To indicate the change in the zip format, the ``format-version`` property in the :file:`manifest.json` file included in the mentioned zip archive was updated from ``0`` to ``1``.
```

    Make sure that used DFU host tools support :file:`dfu_application.zip` file with the new format version (``1``).

>     If the used DFU host tools do not support the new format version and updating them is not possible, you can manually align content of a zip archive generated with format version ``1`` to format version ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the used DFU host tools do not support the new format version and you cannot update them, you can manually align the content of the zip archive generated with format version ``1`` to format version ``0``.
```

* Added the :file:`thingy91x_dfu.py` script in the :file:`scripts/west_commands` folder.
  The script adds the west commands ``west thingy91x-dfu`` and ``west thingy91x-reset`` for convenient use of the serial recovery functionality.

> * Added support for format version ``1`` of :file:`dfu_application.zip` file to :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel_script` Python script.
>   Since NCS 2.7, the script supports both format version ``0`` and format version ``1`` of the zip archive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for format version ``1`` of the :file:`dfu_application.zip` file to :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel_script` Python script.
  Since |NCS| v2.7.0 release, the script supports both format version ``0`` and ``1`` of the zip archive.
```
Additionally, organize again like this:

* Added:

   * The :file:...
   * Support for...
